With James Comey set
to testify tomorrow,
it is clear
that President Trump is having
a sad-exclamation point week.
And now, on top of all of that,
his third favorite son, Eric,
is in hot water of his own.
NEWSMAN: Late Tuesday,
the president's son Eric
lashing out at those who oppose
his father's administration.
So with the destroy Trump media
floating baseless
Russia conspiracy theories
every second of every day,
and of course,
Democrats on Capitol Hill
desperately searching for any
evidence of collusion,
well, President Trump's sons,
they are now coming
to his defense.
Joining us now,
the man himself,
executive vice president
of the Trump Organization.
I've never seen hatred
like this.
I mean, to me they're not
even people.
It's-it's so, so sad.
I mean, morality's just gone.
Um, morals have flown out
the window.
Wow. Wow.
The same guy, the same guy
who got so upset
when Hillary called his dad's
supporters "deplorables,"
is now saying that Democrats
aren't even human beings?
Really? And he didn't even warm
up to it in the interview.
It was practically the first
thing out of his mouth.
I can only imagine what it's
like on a first date with Eric.
(mimics Eric):
"Hey, great to meet you, Ashlee.
Do you do anal?”
(laughter)
(normal voice):
I-I don't know about you,
but whenever I see this sort
of thing, it makes me wonder:
how did this person
get this way?
And then yesterday,
a story came out
that sort of helped me
understand a bit.
Forbes Magazine published
an article exposing
where some of the money that
Eric Trump raised for charity
was actually going.
Now to that blockbuster new
report raising serious questions
about the Trump Organization
and charity golf events
that were meant to raise money
for children with cancer.
TV REPORTER:
Forbes Magazine reports
hundreds of thousands of
dollars in charity expenses
went to the Trump family
business, despite Eric saying
many of the costs would be
covered by the Trumps.
You have money that starts as
other people's donations,
where they think that they're
giving to charity,
and it appears to end up as
revenue at a Trump club.
Wow.
Taking money that was meant
for kids suffering from cancer
to line your own pockets.
That is--
I mean, that is just...
So, so sad.
I mean, morality's just gone.
Morals have flown out
the window.
My man.
(laughter and applause)
So, so when I first read
this story, I thought, wow.
This guy's such a dirt bag.
But that's not entirely fair,
honestly.
Because Eric Trump did raise
millions of dollars
for the St. Jude
Children's Hospital.
In fact, they even put his name
on a hospital wing, right.
I mean, not a picture,
just his name, all right?
Those poor kids have been
through enough.
But still, they like him.
And this brings us to how Eric
went from using
his incredible privilege
to help the less fortunate,
to being the guy
skimming from charities.
And it turns out he fell in
with a bad crowd.
TV REPORTER: Forbes says
problems started
with the charity when Donald
Trump allegedly demanded
the foundation be charged
for using the facilities.
Donald came in and said,
"You know what?
"We're going to start billing
you guys.
"Even though
it's a charity event,
"even though this is
for kids for cancer,
we want you guys to pay.”
"Even though this is
for kids with cancer,
we want you guys to pay.”
That is heartless,
and also the theme of Trump's
new health care plan.
Oh, and if that wasn't
bad enough,
Daddy Trump also starting--
he started charging his son's
charity 500% more
than a venue
would usually charge.
That's what he also did, yeah.
So, I guess, at the end of the
day we're starting to understand
that this is the curse of being
one of Donald Trump's children.
You can try and be good,
but he'll be like,
(mimics Trump):
"No, no, no, don't do that.
You're a Trump."
(normal voice);
And now, Eric might as well
be one of Trump's buildings.
He's not as popular as he
once was, and if you look deep,
you'll find that he's also empty
on the inside.